 Houston Hospitals 
 01/04 /2001 
DISCHARGE NOTIFICATION 
  Escarcega ,  Caswell  
MRN :  2239722 
Age :  90  year
REGISTRATION DATE :  01/04 /2001
Provider :   Nasreen  Metheney  
E-mail PCP :  kenne.andries@yahoo.ca  
Benefits Assigned : N
Discharge Date :  01/04 /2001 
Discharged Condition on Discharge : Stable
Patient States Complaint : HA SLURRED SPEECH
Standardized Discharge Instructions : Please take Aggrenox 1 caplet two times per day .
If your dizziness returns or you have increased weakness or headache please return to the emergency department .
Diagnosis :
Residual deficits from past CVA .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
No lymphadenopathy is noted .
Thyroid is nonpalpable .
She is without bruits or JVD .
Lungs are bilaterally clear to auscultation .
Cardiac exam ; she has positive S1 , S2 without murmur , rub or gallop .
Rate was 75 .
Abdomen is soft and nontender without hepatosplenomegaly or mass .
She has no rebound or guarding .
Her rectal exam is guaiac negative .
Her extremities are without normal limits with +2 pulses throughout .
She is neurologically intact .
Treatment Rendered :
Head CT and Brain MRI / MRA showing residual changes from past strokes .
Discharge Medications : Aggrenox 1 caplet 2 times per day .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted to the Medical Service for management of her congestive heart failure .
Due to her refusal of oral medications , she was started on intravenous Lasix twice a day .
She diuresed well to this , losing approximately one liter in fluid and one pound each day during her hospital course .
A repeat chest X-ray last year showed markedly improved congestive heart failure with mild residual redistribution of the vasculature , and very small pleural effusions .
The remainder of the patient 's medical issues were stable during this hospitalization .
She intermittently refused medications due to her paranoia and frequently refused to speak with medical staff .
She did allow daily weights and chest X-rays on occasion .
She was also compliant with her daily Accu checks for blood glucose monitoring .
The patient generally found that a patient , quiet approach with the patient was most successful .
Her diabetes mellitus was well controlled with very rare need for additional insulin .
Her blood glucose ranged between 100 and 200 .
Her renal function was stable with a BUN and creatinine of 62/2.7 at the time of discharge .
Her hyperkalemia , which was noted on admission , resolved with potassium levels of approximately four .
Follow up :
Please to follow up, call Dr.   Matthew  Vanderkooi   at  366-530-8809  if you wish to see a neurologist .
Please see your primary care physician within the next week .
Provider reference :  44609 
Report created by   Metheney , Nasreen    01/04 /2001
