 Houston Hospitals , ( 3497899 ),  09/25 /2003 
Discharge Summary name : 
  Kenne ,  Andries  
UNIT reference :  16798/09H3 
ADMISSION DATE :  09/25 /2003
DISCHARGE DATE : The patient was admitted to the hospital on  July 15th  for a chole with a principle diagnosis of recurrent biliary colic .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 52 year old with recurrent biliary colic . He lives in  Houston ,  Texas ,  usa ,  pobox 12356 .
She has had ultrasound proven gallstones for ten years , seen on an earlier obstetric ultrasound .
Patient has had no symptoms until approximately two years ago when she began having classic biliary colic pain with right upper quadrant epigastric pain radiating to midback with nausea , but without vomiting .
Onset was an hour to 1 hour after meals , worse with greasy meals , lasting five minutes to two hours .
Episodes have been increasing in frequency over the last few months .
She has had no fevers , chills , respiratory symptoms , diarrhea , bright red blood per rectum or melena .
She has no family history of gallbladder or pancreatic disease .
She has had no significant weight loss .
No anorexia .
An ultrasound on  01/28 /2003 showed six gallstones without cholecystitis .
The patient is from   215 Queen St,  Eaglesmith ,  California   .
Has lived in   123 Crystal street  ,  Boise ,  Idaho   for 10 years and works as a teaching assistant in a first grade in   Angers   .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Significant for a left ear operation approximately 30 years ago with left TM reconstruction in  November  2002 at  Mills-peninsula Health Services  .
ALLERGIES : None
HISTORY : The patient denies tobacco and / or alcohol use .
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS : Noncontributory .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION : The patient is a healthy appearing female looking her stated age in no apparent distress .
She is anicteric without rash or HEENT .
Significant for left TM scarring without acute inflammation or drainage .
Oropharynx is moist .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient will be discharged to home in stable condition with a follow up appointment with Dr.    Ellenburg   .
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS : Percocet 5 mg in 325 mg one to two tabs po q4 to 6 prn pain .
The patient will be discharged in stable condition .
Follow up as mentioned will be with Dr.    Ellenburg   .
  Alphie  Parilla   , M.D.
TR :    Jereb  
TD :  10/21 /2003
cc :   Sandra  Morton  Ellenburg   , M.D.
Patient address:kenna@yahoo.com 
