 Columbus Regional Healthcare System ,  12/04 /1999 
CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE : Schlein ,  Anne
ADMISSION DATE :  12-04 -1999
DISCHARGE DATE :  12-11 -1999
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS : congestive heart failure .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSIS :
1. schizotypal personality disorder ,
2. diabetes mellitus ,

CLINICAL INFECTIONS : none .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
1. Lasix 60 mg intravenously b.i.d. ,
2. Enalapril 5mg PO q.day ,
3. Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously b.i.d. ,

HISTORY OF ILLNESS :
The patient is a 75 year old female with a history of schizotypal personality disorder , congestive heart failure , peripheral vascular disease , diabetes mellitus , chronic renal insufficiency , and a documented ejection fraction of 18% , who presented to the  Vermilion Health Centre  Emergency Ward with shortness of breath .
The patient was a resident at  Lawrence Medical Center  in Dade City,  Ohio , where she was in her usual state of health until approximately seven days prior to admission , when she was noted to have a non productive cough .
Over the ensuing week , she developed increased weakness , decreased appetite , and began refusing all of her medications .
She became progressively short of breath over this time , and was eventually brought to the  Vermilion Health Centre  Emergency Ward for this reason .
The patient denies any fevers , chest pain , shortness of breath , cough , and is generally uncooperative with the history .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. congestive heart failure .
The patient was admitted in  December  of 1999 , at that time with anasarca and congestive heart failure , responsive to diuretics and ACE inhibitors .
2. non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus .
3. nephrotic syndrome , believed secondary to diabetes mellitus .
4. chronic renal insufficiency , likely secondary to her diabetes nephrotic syndrome .
5. peripheral vascular disease .
The patient is not competent to make her medical decisions and this is done by her guardian , Mr.   Moger   .
Of note , she is not deemed competent to refuse medications and these issues should be discussed with her guardian if her refusal of treatment interferes with her overall health ,
ALLERGIES :
The patient has a questionable allergy to penicillin , although the patient denies allergies .

EXAMINATION :
On physical examination , an uncooperative white female sitting up in bed in no acute distress .
Her vital signs included a blood pressure of 166/108 , heart rate 100 , temperature refused , respirations 24 , oxygen saturation on room air 92% , 99% on two liters .
Skin : cool and dry .
The head , eyes , ears , nose , throat examination was benign .
Her neck was supple with full range of motion .
No lymphadenopathy or thyromegaly .
Her lungs had inspiratory and expiratory wheezes throughout with rales heard halfway up bilaterally .
The abdomen was soft , nontender , nondistended , normal active bowel sounds , slightly obese .
Back :
no costovertebral angle tenderness .
There is some sacral pitting edema .
LABORATORY DATA :
significant for a sodium of 140 , potassium 5.7 , chloride 108 , bicarbonate 21.2 , BUN and creatinine 66 and 2.9 , glucose 198 , calcium 8.4 , phosphate 4.0 , magnesium 1.7 , total bilirubin 1.0 , alkaline phosphatase 153 , SGOT 21 , LDH 236 , amylase 32 , urate 7.2 , albumen 2.4 , hematocrit 39.9 , white blood count 10.7 , platelet count 197,000 , mean corpuscular volume 79 , coagulation studies within normal limits .
Her chest X-ray showed cardiomegaly with bilateral pleural effusions and moderate interstitial / air space pattern consistent with congestive heart failure .
The electrocardiogram showed sinus tachycardia at 100 beats per minute with left bundle branch block .
There is no acute change from  March  , 1999 .
PLAN ON DISCHARGE :
The patient was discharged in stable condition to  Cincinatti Medical Center  .
She will continue to receive intravenous medications and close monitoring of her multiple medical problems there .
  Iakovina  Jubyna   , M.D.
TR :   King-tak /  Lamar  
TD :  12/11 /1999
CC : Dr.   Latosha  Shortle   STAT
Patient address:  exner@hotmail.com 
